[Music]
Rachel Louis look at you
mr. funding bodies it's chaos out there
[Music]
this house is being requisitioned by the
British government
this is your house
and Lewis hello Morgan please come
inside it's my wife
[Music]
my daughter and I will stay out of your
way until we move to the camp what if we
let them stay warm you mean live with
him I may not be an outward show of
hatred but is there below the surface
during the war did you ever hope for a
German victory did the bombing affect
the health of you and your family it
affected the health of my wife she died
in the firestorm I'm so sorry you didn't
tell me what I was walking into this
isn't how it was supposed to be none of
us is how it is supposed to be please
don't go I have a job to do
[Music]
you're going to spy on a girl the least
you could do is pay a compliment yes of
course
[Music]
something's changed be careful that's
all they don't like us
before that I could be happy like
this is what you wanted
new beginnings
[Music]